Deleting as_text page (#4726)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/11-Older versions/upgrading-to-0-17-0.md

**Core**
- [`path:` selectors](/reference/node-selection/methods#the-path-method)

> - [`--fail-fast`](/reference/commands/run#failing-fast)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`--fail-fast` command](/reference/commands/run#failing-fast)
```

> - The `as_text` Jinja filter no longer functions.

Reviewer: Does this filter work in .17?
Suggest making the list slightly more parallel
```suggestion
- `as_text` Jinja filter: removed this defunct filter
```
